Misc fixes for user theme, training modal etc. (#9298)
scalableminds/webknossos: unreleased_changes/9298.md

### Changed
- In AI model training, total credits are boldly highlighted and image data and ground truth layers are selected per default

### Fixed

> - Fixed theme can be switched to "auto" (System-default) in account settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed that theme couldn't be switched to "auto" (System-default) in account settings.
```
